1. What is Semantic HTML? It indicates what HTML elements actually are instead of how they may appear by default.
    2. What is HTML used for? It's used to create web pages and tell the browser how they should be displayed.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a keyword used inside a tag to control an element's behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It goes around the title, so it's used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. text, tel
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? !DOCTYPE: html 
    7. What is an id? It applies style to a specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
    10. What is a class? Gives style to multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? there's no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Use "target='_blank'"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? To add a written description to an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? #idName
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section tag creates independant sections while a div tag is an empty container specifying a division or a section.
    17. What is CSS used for? it's used to add flair to a webpage and make it interesting instead of just being words on the screen.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. Use a CSS selector.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An id can only be used with ine element while a class can be used with multiple elements. Usage examples are header, footer, and title for id and paragraphs, links, buttons, and input boxes for class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? Use a .class selector.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class="human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It's used to select all elements that are directly contained by another element. It's useful when you need to give relation to two elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? :link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A keyword that allows styling of specific parts of a selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, or capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? <div style="border:dotted 1px black;>
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Use the * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*This is how you write a comment in css.*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls -al
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Use the rm command. You have to be careful because the file is permanantly and irretrievably deleted. 
    34. Why should I use version control? It makes organizing, monitoring, team work/multiple projects easier.
    35. How often should I commit to github? After every step.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Set up a github account if you don't already have one. Fork, or copy, the repo tp your account. Clone the repo using git bash. Use the cd command to switch to the new repository. Create a branch. Open the project in vscode. Complete the project, then use git add, commit, and push to send the changes and completed project to github. Create a pull request. Submit the pull request url to canvas.

https://codepen.io/PassionsQuietRage/pen/XWaRRzp?editors=1100